Release Notes for BYU RapidSmith Tools
 - Version 0.2.2 (29 NOV 2010) -
 Added several features including a hard macro generator, a design explorer,
 a device browser, and basic support for Spartan 6 devices.  Fixed a few bugs
 in the basic router.  Added a class to merge static nets.  Added better 
 support/documentation for Mac OS X users.

 - Version 0.2.1 (21 OCT 2010) -
This version has a few big bug fixes to it.  First, the XDL design parser
has been completely rewritten and no longer uses JavaCC.  It is a custom
parser and loads designs 20-30% faster than the previous parser.  This
revision also contains a fix in the StaticSourceHandler which affects
the routers.  It was erroneously putting GND pins on VCC nets.  This 
version also adds a new deterministic XDL export method to compare XDL
files sanely.

 - Version 0.2.0 (8 OCT 2010) -
This is a major revision upgrade as preliminary support for Virtex 6 parts
has been added.  An abstract router class as well as an example basic 
router has been added to the router package.  Although it is a full design
router, it still is quite basic and unoptimized.  A few fixes have been
made to the PartTileBrowser to work with Virtex 6 parts and how the scene
is rendered.  Fixed a bug with used primitive sites in the Design class.

 - Version 0.1.6 (30 SEP 2010) -
Fixed a few more bugs. Upgraded to a newer version of Qt Jambi (4.6.3).
Fixed an XDL parser bug that would not parse XDL files without a 'cfg ""' 
entry in the design. Added a few more diagrams to the documentation.
Moved all license files to /doc/ folder and includes the NSF disclaimer
in the installer with a prompt for the user to agree to the license with
RapidSmith.

 - Version 0.1.5 (25 AUG 2010) - 
A few minor bug fixes such as device files now no longer are loaded
repetitively for the same device (this saves a significant amount of
time when loading several designs).  Device files no longer include
speed grade.  Added a recursive delete folder function in the
FileTools class.  The documentation format is better in this release.

 - Version 0.1.4 (19 AUG 2010) - 
The initial public release.
